Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: windbg_copilot
Version: 1.0.0
Summary: "windbg copilot"
Home-page: https://github.com/suannai231/ChatGPT
Download-URL: 
Author: Jack Yin
Author-email: suannai231@gmail.com
License: MIT
Keywords: windbg,copilot
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Build Tools
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.8
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.9
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.10
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.11
Requires-Python: >=3.9
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
License-File: LICENSE.txt

README for Running Windbg Copilot Python Code

Windbg Copilot Python Code is a package that allows you to use the machine learning capabilities of Windbg Copilot directly in your Python code. This readme file provides instructions for running Windbg Copilot Python Code on your local machine.

Prerequisites

A Windows machine running Windows 11
Add environmet variable OPENAI_API_KEY with your openai api key
The Windows Debugger (Windbg) installed on your machine C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\Debuggers\x64
Python 3.9 or later installed on your machine
An Internet connection for downloading and installing the package

Installation

Open a command prompt or terminal window.
Install the Windbg Copilot Python Code package using pip:

pip install pyttsx3==2.90
pip install openai
pip install windbg_copilot

The package will be downloaded and installed automatically.

Usage

Open command line and run windbg_copilot:

python windbg_copilot.py

Use the module to interact with Windbg Copilot. You can call functions to execute commands and retrieve suggestions and assistance based on its machine learning models.

        !chat <you may ask anything related to debugging>
        !ask <ask any question for the above output>
        !explain: explain the last output
        !suggest: suggest how to do next
        !q: quit

Note: Windbg Copilot Python Code requires an active Internet connection to function properly, as it relies on cloud-based machine learning models.

Uninstallation

Open a command prompt or terminal window.
Use pip to uninstall the Windbg Copilot Python Code package:

pip uninstall windbg_copilot

The package will be uninstalled automatically.

Conclusion

Windbg Copilot Python Code is a powerful package that allows you to use the machine learning capabilities of Windbg Copilot directly in your Python code. With its simple installation process and intuitive API, Windbg Copilot Python Code is an essential tool for anyone working on complex Windows applications or drivers using Python.

